Interactive Open Model Zoo as OpenCV module (#272)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: ocv_module/open_model_zoo/README.md

      -DWITH_INF_ENGINE=ON \
      -DOPENCV_EXTRA_MODULES_PATH="~/open_model_zoo/ocv_module" \
      -DBUILD_LIST=highgui,imgcodecs,dnn,python3,open_model_zoo ..

make -j4
```

Override paths to newly built OpenCV:
```
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/path/to/opencv/build/lib/:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
export PYTHONPATH=/path/to/opencv/build/lib/python3:$PYTHONPATH
```

## Usage

Every topology is a meta object which contains description, preprocessing parameters and URLs to download the model.
Creating an object you instantiate downloading of necessary files for specific model.

```python
import cv2 as cv
from cv2.open_model_zoo.topologies import squeezenet1_0

topology = squeezenet1_0()
```

To infer network you can use as just paths downloaded files:
```python
from openvino.inference_engine import IENetwork

xmlPath, binPath = topology.convertToIR()

net = IENetwork(xmlPath, binPath)
```

either one of included wrappers (in example, OpenCV's `dnn::ClassificationModel`):

```python
from cv2.open_model_zoo import DnnClassificationModel

net = DnnClassificationModel(topology)

img = cv.imread('example.jpg')

classId, confidence = net.classify(img)
```

## Algorithms

> Some of networks may have pretty complicated pre- or post- processing procedures.
> Another models can be combined to solve interesting problems. For these kind of
> topologies you can use ready Algorithms. In example, to recognize text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some networks may have pretty complicated pre- or post-processing procedures.
Other models can be combined to solve interesting problems. For this kind of
topologies you can use ready Algorithms. This example shows how to recognize text:
```
